Add Update<R> to exercise and create method result types in Java codegen (#15193)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/app-dev/bindings-java/quickstart.rst

      :lines: 140-153
      :dedent: 2

>    You can find examples of ``Update``s instantiation in the bodies of the ``transfer`` and ``iou`` endpoints, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can find examples of ``Update`` instantiations in the bodies of the ``transfer`` and ``iou`` endpoints, respectively.
```
